DEVDOCS-4238: Update theme-best-practices.md (#1555)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/deploying-a-theme/theme-best-practices.md

# Theme Development Best Practices Tutorial

> In this tutorial, you will learn the correct way to import theme images and inject theme variables. Also, you will learn how to improve theme designs using [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) and [accessibility best practices](/stencil-docs/accessibility/theme-accessibility ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn the correct way to import theme images and inject theme variables. Also, you will learn how to improve theme designs using [Lighthouse](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/overview) and [accessibility best practices](/stencil-docs/accessibility/theme-accessibility).
```
